# Understanding Windows Privilege and Integrity Levels
In Windows, the OS uses objects called **Access Tokens** to assign a user privileges. Once the user is authenticated, an access token is generated and assigned to the user.

The access token contains information that describes the security context of the user, including user privileges. These tokens are uniquely identifiable using a *security identifier* or SID, which is assigned to every object (including tokens).

In addition to privileges, Windows also implements *integrity mechanisms*, which is a core component of the Windows security architecture by assigning *integrity levels* to application processes and securable objects.

Basically, this *integrity levels* describes the level of trust the OS has in running applications or securable objects. There are four integrity levels (from Windows Vista onwards):
- System integrity process: SYSTEM rights
- High integrity process: Administrative rights
- Medium integrity process: Standard user rights
- Low integrity processL Very restricted rights (often in sandboxed processes)

# User Account Control (UAC)
UAC is an access control system introduced by Microsoft with Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008.  This basically forces applications and tasks to run in the context of a non-admin account UNTIL an administrator authorises elevated access.

There are two modes: **credential prompt**, and **consent prompt**.

When a standard user wants to perform an admin task, a credential prompt appears, requiring the administrator credentials.

***
# Topical Exercises

